Add distroless change into changelog (#111983)
kubernetes/kubernetes: CHANGELOG/CHANGELOG-1.25.md

Introduce KMS v2alpha1 API to add performance, rotation, and observability improvements. Encrypt data at rest (ie Kubernetes `Secrets`) with DEK using AES-GCM instead of AES-CBC for kms data encryption. No user action is required. Reads with AES-GCM and AES-CBC will continue to be allowed. See the guide [Using a KMS provider for data encryption](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/kms-provider/) for more information.

### Kube-proxy images are now based in distroless

> In previous releases, kube-proxy docker images were built using Debian as the base image. Starting with this release the images are now built using [distroless](https://github.com/GoogleContainerTools/distroless). This change reduced image size by almost 50% and reduced the number of installed packages and files to only the strict required to kube-proxy do its job.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In previous releases, kube-proxy docker images were built using Debian as the base image. Starting with this release the images are now built using [distroless](https://github.com/GoogleContainerTools/distroless). This change reduced image size by almost 50% and reduced the number of installed packages and files to only to those strictly required for kube-proxy do its job.
```

> In previous releases, kube-proxy docker images were built using Debian as the base image. Starting with this release the images are now built using [distroless](https://github.com/GoogleContainerTools/distroless). This change reduced image size by almost 50% and reduced the number of installed packages and files to only to those strictly required for kube-proxy do its job.

Reviewer 2: (nit / for future reference)
I tend to write “container images” rather than “docker images”, assuming that everyone will know that we mean https://github.com/opencontainers/image-spec or something reasonably compatible.
